Refactor data upload section (#16)
qbicsoftware/research-data-management: docs/rawdata/raw_data_upload.md

The following is required in order to successfully execute the measurement data upload.

- Access to the project of interest

> - A SFTP **client** software (e.g. [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org/download.php?type=client)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A SFTP **client** software (e.g. [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org)
```
There is a download button on their website... I think this link should go to the tool main page not to the download php

wide-spread use ensures that there exists many client software products that
support uploading files to us.
In this section we will go through the process of connecting to our server

> using the [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org/download.php?type=client) client as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org) client as an example.
```

Author: The download button however does not specify which software they need (ftp client). The php link ensures that they get the correct ftp client for their OS

To open the site manager select it from the menu or press on the highlighted icon.
![An image showing the button leading to the site manager](./images/upload/raw_data_upload_open_site_manager.png)

**Add the upload server:** In the _Site Manager_ you can add sites to which you want to connect. For
measurement data registration, select `SFTP - SSH File Transfer Protocol` and
enter `upload.qbic.uni-tuebingen.de` into the `Host` field.
![An image showing the users site manager highlighting the host and connection field](images/upload/raw_data_upload_host_field.png)

You can log in with your _University of Tübingen_ credentials. Enter your university user account
into the `User` field.
![An image showing the users site manager highlighting the user and password field](images/upload/raw_data_upload_user_field.png)
**Connect to the server:** Make sure you are in the network of the _University of Tübingen_. You can connect to the server by pressing `Connect` in
the _Site Manager_. After connecting to the server, _FileZilla_ shows you the contents of your home directory on the server side.

> ![An image showing the users home folder. You can see three directories named registration, error and upload.](images/upload/raw_data_upload_remote_filesystem.png))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![An image showing the users home folder. You can see three directories named registration, error and upload.](images/upload/raw_data_upload_remote_filesystem.png)
```

```text
|- my-registration-batch  // folder name is irrelevant
 |- metadata.txt  // mandatory!
 |- file1_1.fastq.gz // all files except for metadata.txt serve as examples
 |- file1_2.fastq
 |- report.pdf
 |- summary.html
```

!!! warning

>     Ensure that the uploaded folder name and files do not have a whitespace within their name

Reviewer: Does a whitespace not work?

Author: No currently if you provide whitespace within the outer directory the script for permission setting will crash

> You can upload folders in the same way. Everything at the top level of your created folder is

Reviewer: Why no !!!info?

Author: I removed the info since it's now an entire section with examples for uploading a folder

## Upload your data

Once you have prepared your folder, upload it to your user directory on our server. Please do not
upload directly to the registration folder but stage it instead in your user directory.
Once your folder is prepared and uploaded to `upload.qbic.uni-tuebingen.de`, move it to
the `registration` folder.

!!! tip
    You can easily drag and drop the folder via your mouse 
    from your local filesystem to our server within filezilla

Our system will then transfer the folder and proceed with data registration.

!!! success
    Congratulations you have uploaded your data!

Finally, you can view summarized information for your uploaded data within the raw data view of the data manager.
![raw_data_upload_shown_in_view.png](images/upload/raw_data_upload_shown_in_view.png)

## Handle failed uploads

Uploading data to a measurement can fail in certain cases. When an upload fails, a folder is created
in  `/home/<your-user>/error`.
![An image showing the error folder. It contains a directory with a long name.](./images/upload/raw_data_upload_error_folder.png)
In this new folder, you can find an `error.txt` file describing the error, and the data you tried to upload.

> You can then try to fix the error and upload it again by moving it into the registration folder..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then try to fix the error. To retry the upload of the fixed folder, move it to the registration folder again.
```
